# code-snippets

```This file is automatically generated and should not be edited by contributors.```

Welcome to ServiceNow's Code Snippets community repository, managed by the Developer Program and the sndevs Slack community.

Inside this repository, you will find community submitted code-snippets and their variants for different use-cases.

## We invite you to contribute!

To contribute, just follow these steps:

1. Fork this repo
2. Add, edit, or re-organize Code Snippets by editing folders and files and commiting them to your forked repository
4. Submit a pull request to the main branch of `ServiceNowDevProgram / code-snippets`

That's it! A developer advocate or an sndevs designated approver will review your pull request and if approved, merge it into this repo for everyone's benefit!

## Follow this structure

- **Top level folders** (besides the .github folder) are `CATEGORIES` of snippets.
- Within each top level folder/category, will be a **sub-folder** for `EACH CODE SNIPPET`
- Within each sub-folder/code snippet folder, will be one readme.md file to describe the code snippet and then all variants of that code snippet as their own file.

Here is an example structure that is correct.

- `.github` folder
- `fruits` folder
  - `apples` folder
    - `readme.md` file describing the apples code snippet
    - `apples.js` first file with code snippet
    - `fijiapples.js` a second file that has a slight variation that distinguishes a separate use-case
  - `kiwi` folder
    - `readme.md` file describing the kiwi code snippet
    - `kiwi.js` file with code snippet
- `vegetables` folder
  - `carrots` folder
    - `readme.md` file describing the vegetables code snippet
    - `apples.js` first file with code snippet
  - `potatos` folder
    - `readme.md` file describing the potatos code snippet
    - `potatos.js` file with original code snippet
    - `yukongoldpotato.js` file that is similar to potato.js but is for yukon gold potatos specifically
    - `tatertots.js` file that is similar to potato.js but is for when you need the result to be tater tots

### REMEMBER

Before you submit your pull request, all code snippet files should:

- Be in a matching folder
- That folder should be in a category folder
- Your code snippet should be accompanied by a readme.md file to describe it

## Earning points

There are a few ways to earn points here. The moment you earn a point, this file is updated automatically too.

Ways for everyone to earn points:

- Forking this repo = 1 point
- Submitting a pull request = 5 points
- Submitting an issue = 2 points

Ways for sndevs designated approvers to earn points:

- Approving and merging a pull request = 1 point
- Closing an issue = 1 point
- Closing a pull request without merging = 1 point

To participate in moderation, join the sndevs slack at https://sndevs.com/ and join the #code-snippets channel (or #code-snippets-dev channel during beta).


## Leaderboard:

- earlduque - 66 points
- MGOPW - 13 points
- eizzledizzle - 9 points