# code-snippets

```This file is automatically generated and should not be edited by contributors.```

Welcome to ServiceNow's Code Snippets community repository, managed by the Developer Program and the sndevs Slack community.

Inside this repository, you will find community submitted code-snippets and their variants for different use-cases.

**Note:** ServiceNowDevProgram has many repositories that can be imported directly into ServiceNow, this is not one of them; This repository is meant to be edited directly in GitHub or any other Git-enabled IDE like VS Code.

🔔🔔🔔<br>
***CONTRIBUTORS must follow all guidelines in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)*** or run the risk of having your Pull Requests labeled as spam.<br>
🔔🔔🔔

## We invite you to contribute!

To contribute, just follow these steps:

1. Fork this repo (you get a point just by forking!)
2. Create a new branch on your fork
3. Add/Update the repo
4. Submit a pull request!

That's it! More detailed contribution instructions can be found [here](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Earning points

There are a few ways to earn points here. The moment you earn a point, this file is automatically updated.

Ways for everyone to earn points:

- Forking this repo = 1 point
- Submitting a pull request = 5 points
- Submitting an issue = 2 points

Ways for sndevs designated approvers to earn points:

- Approving and merging a pull request = 1 point
- Closing an issue = 1 point
- Closing a pull request without merging = 1 point

To participate in moderation, join the sndevs slack at https://sndevs.com/ and join the #code-snippets channel (or #code-snippets-dev channel during beta).
